about
but not so simple
his family
now on the building
Almaty
this dam
dam is a construction which
blocks the flow raising the water level
dam
I know her Baba builds dance
they learned to use force
in front of their interests
true
when I asked so only to predict
when is it more detailed
Centre
tomorrow
it's almost a third
1 bank technical passport contact for only 3
french food
same shipping organizer
Someone will also pass
open a contribution to the NATO command center
canada water is not scary they are fine
I feel myself
according to
auth
by the way people who use power
of nature this feature and shovel
right
it's good that we have an expert
once
please tell now
do
i am chinese
scary branch pfr
water mill mechanism with wheel
which rotates due to the flow of water
itar tass
garden rescuers and then from the pages of newspapers
take in one of China where they are not in
discussions of wells and the story is about how
heavy
site October 29
automatic motherhood and childhood
the author of the article so speculators after three
minutes
because the use of lamps
I see shares
and this is the most important thing
but after all 2 5 times and
too much pressure not to use
get a photo can just drives it all
your way it needs to be considered
what is the topic of dispute resolution
called tyson brand shortages
parade
6 remains relevant topic
the dam goes through the main stream of water
creating the necessary set in one place
This is the principle of the bottleneck
where the dam was built very soon
a reservoir is formed
also created
water storage yes
reservoir
artificial pond created for
accumulating their water storage
up to 100 thousand
man's
will it do
such bagram not build
this is a powerhouse solution
without a share of countries station which
turns water into electricity edro with
ancient greek water
So
other parameters boots and generator
which is not yet
the generator is a mechanism
turning mechanical
movements into energy for example
tourist tour
it turns out
now what is a power station
work
just like a mill
recession
so what is
turns out to be a situation program
not
barcelona parliament trails practice this
time for speeds show how much
the joys of victory will take place on June 12 two sockets
no need so what to say about cleanliness in
Kharkov region
it is necessary prime tass
police joy
In the charts, that's just take Vanino
itar tass
Katenka so you get us
an expert not in the field of fashion
but in the field of hydropower
hydropower work people by
transformation owns clean energy
the most important project unbelted
visited 3 times did not break
only benefit not only people on
Nicholas
well no
to all modern knowledge thank
need for childbirth there number of amendments
for oil refining besides the source
wisdom as emphasized stepanov 25
matches
although
itar tass and here
in South Africa and our later with you walker
in honor and children
knowing that the Volga is the biggest stage of the European tour
previously built do now
all station projects
however, is this worth it?
produce does not pollute in summer three
times
about
exactly t
to attack before may growth in which they live
kind
the dam is a structure that
blocks the flow raising the water level
reservoir artificial reservoir
created for storage and storage
water
water mill mechanism with wheel
which rotates due to the flow of water
the mud turns the course of the river into
electricity
the generator is a mechanism
turning mechanical
movements into energy for example in
electricity
hydropower work people by
turning water into pure energy